[theme music]
You are…
what I want.
It was you I wanted.
[gentle music]
I have… always been a planner.
I made a plan based on a 99-year lifespan.
I don't like people crossing the line
or crossing it myself.
And I like expensive shoes.
We're completely opposite.
[sighs]
We have different blood types
and personalities.
I bet we're not compatible in any way.
We're like two different species.
Penguins and polar bears,
predator and prey.
One eats krill, the other eats sea lions.
But I don't care.
To hell with it.
[inhales deeply]
[chuckles softly]
I want this to work.
You know, I, uh…
Please let me explain.
I won't ask you for anything now.
I… My feelings for you
keep inflating my heart,
and it may burst any minute now.
I can't help it anymore.
[gentle piano music]
["Here Always" by Seungmin
of Stray Kids playing]
The truth…
is that I can't…
deny it anymore.
["Here Always" by Seungmin
of Stray Kids playing]
-[clears throat]
-I should go now.
Oh, wait.
You can't go home like this.
I said everything I wanted,
then I heard you too.
I only said like four words.
Yeah.
That kiss, however, said a thousand words.
You're right.
But you were so honest
with your feelings so let me go…
give you a proper response.
I like you.
Now I said it.
I tried to ignore it,
but I couldn't help myself.
So, uh…
[chuckles]
So we just kissed and…
[inhales deeply]
…told our truths.
Now what?
What's next?
This is next.
Let's go.
["My Romance" by CHEEZE playing]
[Du-sik] By the way, I'm the penguin,
and you're the polar bear, right?
[Hye-jin] What?
[Du-sik] It's obvious,
judging by our personalities and builds.
They eat sea lions, right?
Yeah, I bet you could feed on humans too.
-[Hye-jin] Hey, how dare you?
-[laughs]
[Du-sik] That's it.
I'm talking about that glare.
[Hye-jin] You're so annoying.
[Du-sik] Okay, you got me.
-[Hye-jin] Come on.
-[Du-sik laughs]
["My Romance" by CHEEZE playing]
[chuckles]
Your ankles must hurt.
No, I'm okay.
My heels are pretty,
and that's all that matters.
[giggles]
We're already here.
You're right.
So does this mean
that we're officially dating?
Well… You could put it
on your calendar if you want.
Actually, I wanted to wait for a few days.
What? Why?
Well, Seong-hyeon confessed
to me what he felt
that he likes me.
Why are you telling me about that now,
right when we're about to begin
this new relationship.
I know.
I saw this coming,
though it's sooner than I was expecting.
-When did this happen?
-On Tuesday.
What?
The anniversary of my grandpa's death?
That day?
Hold on.
The day you helped me hold
the memorial service?
It wasn't like that.
He was… waiting in front of my house--
I don't wanna hear about it.
Does it mean you haven't told him
your answer?
Why not?
Dumping him has given you second thoughts?
[sighs]
Don't worry.
It's not making you jealous?
Jealous?
[scoffs]
That's absurd.
It's a question of etiquette.
When someone confesses
their feelings to you,
there's a certain way to handle it.
He hit the ball to you,
and you have to hit it back.
You have to hit it back firmly and clearly
and eliminate any questions.
Then what about you?
You could have mentioned something earlier
but you didn't.
I think maybe you didn't care
if he had asked me out or not.
I didn't know how I felt
about you back then.
[cheeky music]
Tell me please, how into me you've become?
Well… Quite a bit.
I, uh, I'm sure you won't be disappointed
by the amount, so…
Oh, well, that sure was
a pretty guarded response.
-What kind of vague answer is that?
-Well, it's…
It's as big as Lake Baikal.
Lake what?
Baikal.
You may be a talented dentist,
but you lacked some geography.
-Hey, you wanna get dumped already?
-[sighs]
Whatever. What's your plan
for director boy?
Hmm.
I'm meeting with him tomorrow and so…
By yourself?
You can't come with us.
[gasps]
What is it?
I like things in black and white.
I just want some time to sort out.
The time spent between him
and I over the years
and the time we spent.
So we are not dating just quite yet.
You're something else,
do you know that, Hye-jin?
I won't call you
until it's all sorted out,
okay, so if you could do the same, please.
Don't call me.
Don't you dare call me.
Just go. Go inside, please.
Mm.
[cheeky music]
[Du-sik] Unbelievable.
-[door lock beeping]
-[scoffs]
[door opens, closes]
[sighs]
This is so annoying.
Now, what was it? Lake…
Baikal?
Hmm.
Baikal.
THE SIBERIAN SNOW COVERS LAKE BAIKAL
[snorts, chuckles]
This is how much he likes me, huh?
[phone chimes]
[line rings]
[Du-sik] Hello?
[exhales deeply]
You said I'm not supposed to call.
You came up with that rule.
[Hye-jin] Well, I suddenly had something
to ask you.
What is it?
I did some research on Lake Baikal.
Just a minute.
[clears throat]
My research says, "Lake Baikal
is the oldest lake in the world.
It's 25 million years old.
And with a depth of over 1,700 meters.
It is also the deepest in the world."
I didn't know you liked me this much.
Hang up.
[Hye-jin] Seriously?
[soft chuckle]
No.
[light music]
[giggles]
[chuckles softly]
[giggling]
Ah, and…
you should really tidy up your room.
It's so messy.
Uh, well… Normally, I keep it clean.
I was just busy today so I couldn't
clean it up before I left.
So many excuses.
Go over to your desk real quick for me.
-My desk?
-[Du-sik] Yeah.
[Hye-jin] One minute.
Okay, I'm here.
Okay. Do you remember who it was
who took that picture?
["The Image of You" by Sandeul playing]
[Hye-jin] No.
I remember crying a lot that day.
[sighs]
I expected too much from someone
who couldn't even remember
if she pulled out the plug.
[Hye-jin] Why do you ask?
[sighs]
You don't remember?
There was an old man
and a little boy.
I tried so hard
to make you smile that day.
[Hye-jin] Are you saying
the boy who danced…
that was you?
Yeah. It was.
No way. Are you serious?
[laughs]
What…
What a small world.
[snorts]
How come you're so surprised?
You couldn't even remember me.
-Mm.
-[Hye-jin] I wonder
if I'd be able to find another boy.
What boy?
When I was in high school,
I ran away from home
and came to a convenience store
in Gongjin.
And this boy…
he had paid for me.
He gave you… 100 won.
[Hye-jin] Was that you again?
[chuckles incredulously]
And were you that girl?
[Hye-jin gasps]
[Hye-jin] Was it really you?
Wow.
I have goosebumps.
[laughs]
Oh, yeah, I do too.
It's like it was destiny.
Just coincidence.
Gongjin is a small region.
I gotta go.
[laughs]
Oh, look at us,
we were able to finally come together.
["The Image of You" by Sandeul playing]
[sighs happily]
EPISODE 11
[Ji-won] Let's add an insert here.
I think we should emphasize it.
-Okay.
-[mouse clicks]
Let's show this part later.
Uh, probably better in reverse.
-Hmm.
-[cell phone vibrates]
HYE-JIN
Just a minute.
Hello?
Hmm. I think a reverse shot
will be better.
We'll reveal why later, make it more fun.
It'll spark people's interest
and offer a twist at the end.
-Let's make it happen.
-[mouse clicks]
I'm really sorry.
I need to pause a second.
I'll be back in a bit.
Where are you going?
I'll be back later tonight.
Don't you worry.
Take a break.
I'll wrap it up. I promise.
Really? Are we sure we can do that?
Of course. Yeah. Have fun.
-[door closes]
-[Do-ha] What?
What has gotten into that workaholic?
[sighs]
-[exhales heavily]
-[cafe shop music playing]
[breathes nervously]
-Here's some water.
-Uh, thank you.
You look hot. It's pretty warm out today.
Mm. Yeah, you see,
I pretty much run over here,
but, yeah, it is warm out today.
-[chuckles]
-Right. You ran over here.
So, you're not working today,
filming anything?
No, I'm not shooting today.
I'm meeting with someone important.
Ah.
Sounds good. All right.
[chuckles awkwardly]
-Ah, right. I should order something.
-Yeah, sure, whatever.
Can I please have two iced Americanos?
Okay. Iced Americanos.
[chuckles]
Thank you.
If you wanna order something else
just please feel free to let me know.
Let me know and I'll bring it over to you.
It's gonna be on the house.
All right, pal?
-[laughs]
-Thank you so much.
I owe you really, so much.
Gosh.
[laughs]
Isn't that true?
But if you do feel indebted to me,
remember who I am and please
recommend me to Sugar People
down there in…
[Chun-jae] Down there in Seoul.
-Tell them I'm a great singer.
-Oh, hey!
-Oh Yoon wants to be in the show.
-Oh, yeah, sure, sure.
-Yeah, yeah. I will.
-That's me, you know.
-Yeah.
-Hello. Come in, Ms. Yoon.
-He already ordered.
-Okay.
-Have a seat. My name is Oh Yoon.
-[laughs]
-I got it.
-It's Oh Yoon.
-So, how are you?
[Hye-jin] I'm sorry
for calling you out of the blue.
Oh, no, no. Don't worry about it.
I love being spontaneous. It's fun.
[laughs nervously]
It really feels
right now, like, I've been handed
my report card.
Looking at it later
won't change my grades, but…
[sighs]
I'm still afraid to open it up.
Okay.
I'm ready.
I will accept whatever you tell me here.
Seeing you again brings back old memories.
[Seong-hyeon] Mm-hm.
To be honest,
I don't really look fondly on those days.
I was so run-down all the time.
I was barely making enough to survive…
and also keep my scholarship.
You're right.
I almost had no time to eat,
so I always carried
a couple of sausages in my pocket.
I never slept longer than five hours.
I barely able to go on each day.
And then there was you.
The only person who seemed to see me.
You helped me out.
[soft guitar music]
[Hye-jin] You were concerned
about my well-being
and whether I had eaten or not.
Let's go eat.
Okay.
[Hye-jin] When you said, "Let's eat,"
sometimes you meant it literally.
LET'S EAT
Sometimes, it meant "Let's play,"
-or "Well done."
-[giggles]
Hello?
[Seong-hyeon] Let's eat.
[Hye-jin] Sometimes, it meant,
"Let's be happy."
Hye-jin!
[Hye-jin] Those words were like
a spell to me.
I had blamed myself…
for that foolish breakup.
-How about we eat?
-You got it.
-[Hye-jin] Your words…
-Let's go.
Okay.
…were such a comfort to me.
["Be the Light" by Kim Jae Hwan playing]
And I developed feelings.
I knew you had feelings for me too,
but I pretended I wasn't aware.
I thought it wouldn't work.
Just because I thought
you'd see me at my lowest, so…
I've always regretted
not being true to my feelings, you know.
So…
I wanna be honest with you
this time around.
By explaining…
there's someone I like.
["Be the Light" by Kim Jae Hwan fades]
It's a relief.
You didn't hesitate, you know.
Like you used to back in college at least.
You gathered up the courage
to tell me honestly.
And that's great.
[gentle music]
But you see,
that wasn't your lowest point.
You may have lived off sausages
and worn ragged shoes, but…
you still shone brilliantly.
You're an inspiration.
You worked really hard every day
in order to accomplish your goals.
You tried not to lose yourself
no matter what.
For that I loved you.
[gentle music continues]
I'm truly honored that someone like you…
is the first one that I love.
And you are mine.
[soft chuckle]
What's the matter?
You realized the ice cubes are melting?
Shouldn't you serve them?
No, I feel like I should wait on that.
What's happening here?
Are you crying?
-Actually, no.
-[Ju-ri] Oh, my god, you are.
[sighs, chuckles]
[Ju-ri] Well, hurry up and serve them.
[clears throat]
Well…
I appreciated the charm.
[Seong-hyeon inhales sharply]
Would it make you feel uncomfortable…
if you kept the thing?
[sucks teeth]
Well, I'm glad it at least comforted you
even for a moment.
It definitely did.
I'll be forever grateful
for what you've done.
[indistinct chatter]
[gasps]
Oh, my god. Why did he come here?
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong.
[approaching footsteps]
Chief Hong. Can I speak to you?
Okay.
Let's walk.
[Hye-jin] What do I do?
Are they gonna fight over me?
[worried sigh]
This is so weird.
[sighs]
Oh, my god.
[loud thudding]
[Seong-hyeong] I just thought
that the legs weren't strong enough.
Yeah, that's right.
Safety must come first.
[sighs]
Hye-jin turned me down.
Says she likes someone else.
I think there's a problem with the wood.
[Du-sik] Maybe it's rotten.
We should replace this.
Well, didn't tell me who it is.
He doesn't deserve her though,
whoever it is.
So, uh, how come you say that?
It's so obvious.
Also, my hunch tells me so.
You shouldn't be judging folks
just on a hunch.
You're better than that.
-You gotta give people a chance.
-[sighs]
[wood thudding]
Just take care of her.
Make her laugh
and spoil her with good food too.
I've always been a simple guy.
Keep myself clean.
Not wanna stick my nose in places
because it's just not me.
Makes a mess.
I like Hye-jin.
But you know…
I think…
I'm pretty fond of you too.
[sighs]
[exhales deeply]
[Seong-hyeon] I hated
studying trigonometry back in school.
Love triangles just aren't for me.
[sniffs]
[thudding]
[Seong-hyeon groans]
I don't hate you either.
You require a lot of care.
But you're really not too bad.
It threw me.
[groans]
[Du-sik] See?
You do require a great deal of care.
I told you to just watch,
you insisted on helping.
[scoffs]
What about the leg that you broke?
That wasn't my fault, all right?
Listen to me, the wood was rotten, okay?
That's it.
[scoffs]
[Seong-hyeon] Forget it.
Just give me… some more surfing lessons.
[laughs]
Sure, I will.
Let me know when and we'll go.
I'll make some time.
-[angry grunting]
-[thudding]
You're such a pain in the neck.
I think we can still use this.
I thought the wood was rotten.
-[clenches teeth]
-[Du-sik] But I can fix it.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
Stop smiling.
You'll grow on me.
This is what I look like.
I don't get why people say that, man.
Hurry up. You're gonna help me or not.
[sighs]
[clicks tongue]
[thudding continues]
[Seong-hyeon grunts]
Ah.
Is it because I never did laundry?
Can't be.
I did my job of mowing the lawn
and cleaning the bathroom, so…
Ah…
Could have been the snoring, though?
Uh, no, snoring,
she's worse than me when she's tired.
[sucks teeth]
Oh, what could be the reason
for getting a divorce?
[frustrated groan]
-What are you doing?
-[gasps]
You scared me.
Why are you here on a Sunday?
I'm here for the garbage bags.
Ms. Yeo was too busy to pick them up,
so I came by to get them.
How could a zone chief
be so irresponsible handling her duties?
Um, she could stop by on Monday,
but since I'll be eating there--
What?
Civil servants don't work on weekends.
Don't you know that?
Just go home. I'll give them to her.
[scoffs]
Okay.
But I'm gonna stop at a restaurant.
Go eat at a different place.
[clicks tongue]
-Fine.
-Dang it.
She's a pain in the…
I can't believe
she's making me run errands.
-I'm the village chief.
-Well, then, I--
God damn it.
[clicks tongue]
What's the matter with that poor guy?
I haven't seen you in ages.
You should come by here more.
Right.
Remind me. How old are you?
I always forget it.
-Huh?
-[Chief Joo] Tell me.
-I'm over 40.
-[Chief Joo] Hmm.
So why are you asking me that?
Well, my husband's close friend
is a widower, you see?
He's 43. No kids.
[soft chuckle]
A copywriter.
He has a huge office
in front of city hall.
Wow, he sounds great.
He's probably not interested.
No, just listen to me.
[sighs]
You're his type.
-He likes petite, cute women.
-[chuckling]
Who are self-sufficient.
[Chief Joo laughs]
He's good with children,
he'll love your son.
Oh, yeah, that's good.
-It's like a perfect match.
-[Chief Joo] Mm-hmm. What do you say?
Are you free this weekend?
Tell me you are.
-Ooh.
-Uh…
-[both chuckle]
-[gasps]
[clears throat]
Mr. Chang, what brings you here?
Uh, business with her.
Ah. Uh-huh.
Ms. Yeo,
you should fulfill your responsibility
as the zone chief.
Must I come all the way here on a Sunday
to make sure you get these bags, huh?
I didn't ask you to bring those over.
I said I'd stop by on Monday.
Yeah, by Friday, you should've come by.
I heard you were busy.
This isn't busy, you're just chatting.
You might as well just step down.
Okay. The term's ending anyway so…
-[thuds]
-[gasps]
Goodness gracious.
Distribute them tomorrow, please.
Don't you worry about it.
[breathes deeply]
[awkward chuckle]
Have a good day.
Yeah.
[clears throat]
[Yeong-guk groans]
[Yeong-guk sucks teeth]
So…
What do you say?
You wanna meet the guy?
[Chief Joo] I'll keep it a secret
from Mr. Chang.
No need.
I was just kidding earlier.
[laughs]
I don't wanna get married again.
I'm okay with just me and I-jun.
Oh, that's too bad.
He's a great guy.
But I appreciate it.
[Chief Joo chuckles]
[Hye-jin] Was everything okay?
What did he say? Did he talk about me?
Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me.
Hey, maybe you could be a rapper.
You got some talent.
-What did you guys talk about?
-Go on.
-Sit. Sit.
-[Hye-jin] Come on. Tell me.
Mm.
He said he liked me.
Huh?
He favors me over you.
Don't lie to me.
[chuckles]
Oh, if I had a camera,
I'd take a picture of your face.
You have so many expressions.
It's pretty fascinating.
[sighs]
Stop teasing me. Tell me.
[soft chuckle]
He said to treat you well.
He knew everything.
You've got a great friend there.
[sighs]
You're right.
Oh. I'm surprised you agreed so easily.
Are we a couple now then?
Uh, no. Not yet.
Oh, my… Oh, why not? What's left?
Let's keep quiet for now.
Keep the relationship secret for now.
Won't work. They'll find out.
That can't happen.
The drama they started
when we weren't a couple.
Imagine they find out.
[gasps]
I already know the rumors
they'll spread around town.
Like, "They'll get married soon.
She must be pregnant."
Ah, you're making more fuss
than they will.
Look at you. You and your imagination.
That's just an example.
-Mm-hmm.
-In any case, just keep it a secret.
I'm hungry.
Should we have some jeon
with the rain today?
[sighs]
Hey, I'm serious.
Me too.
[rapping]
They'll bound to find out
what our relationship's about.
I could be a rapper myself.
[sighs]
Stop making fun of this
and please cooperate.
I will, though it won't work at all.
[sighs]
Okay, I'll do it.
If you wanna do that, it's fine.
Okay?
Mm-hm.
[cheeky music]
Our official day one as a couple is today.
Feels… It feels good.
Ah, so does making it official, I mean,
does it make a big difference then?
Lots.
Why?
We can do this…
and this.
[sighs]
And we can even do this.
-Ms. Dentist.
-[Hye-jin] Yes?
Have you always been so affectionate?
Let me recommend
a good book you should read.
Erotism by Georges Bataille.
-Georges…
-Bataille.
-Bataille's…
-Erotism.
-Erotism?
-Mm-hmm.
Hmm. So what's it about?
-Stuff like this.
-[exclaims]
[giggling]
This is nice.
[sighs]
Very nice.
Oh, my goodness.
This is very annoying.
You really should be locking the door.
-Hey, Mi-seon.
-[Mi-seon clears throat]
Embarrassed much?
Thanks for the tip.
We'll certainly be more careful.
Mi-seon, I love you.
-[door closes]
-She's gone.
-[giggles]
-Did we lock the door?
-Oh, let's be more careful.
-Okay.
-Georges Bataille.
-Erotism?
Is it raunchy?
Sort of.
[line ringing]
[automated voice] The person you
are calling is unavailable--
So much for coming back tonight.
[soft guitar music]
[utensils clattering]
[indistinct chatter]
[groans]
-[chair scrapes]
-Ah…
Oh.
[soft chuckle]
-Goodness.
-[chuckles]
-Hello, Director Ji.
-Hello, Mr. Chang, um…
What brings you here?
That's what I was gonna ask you.
What, what brings you here?
No filming today.
Well, it's a long story.
If you're alone,
would you like to join me?
Is that okay?
[chuckles]
Of course.
To be honest,
I was having a pretty bad day
so I came here to drink by myself.
-Join me then.
-[Yeong-guk chuckles]
Thanks. Oh, wow, what'd you got?
Looks good.
-[both laugh]
-Hey, sir,
-can I get another glass, please?
-[bar owner] Sure.
Cheers.
[Yeong-guk laughs]
[slurps]
[both exhaling]
This is why I… I really love drinking.
I like how you can feel
the alcohol going down and down.
Making its way down is good.
-[chuckles]
-[Seong-hyeon] I agree.
You're refreshed. Your stress is… is gone.
It cleanses you.
You really seem… to be stressed.
I can empathize with you.
You and I are both leaders.
You know, of respected fields.
I'm sure we're a lot the same, right?
For example, work-related complications,
responsibilities.
Work is tough. You're right about that.
[sighs wearily]
The hardest part though…
is the people.
The problem is our relationships.
That's exactly
what I'm talking about here.
I don't know why relationships
are so complicated.
Why does it get so twisted?
It makes talking to people impossible.
How do things go wrong so easily?
Even when you do something about it,
it gets tangled back up again.
That's precisely
what I've been dealing with.
[exclaims]
I knew from the moment we first met
that we would understand each other.
[both laugh]
We should've gone together
to do this sooner.
-Tell me about it.
-[laughing]
-You want…
-Let me pour you a drink.
-Thank you.
-[laughs]
Here, Director Ji.
[groans]
[in slurred voice]
The moment she heard about him…
[sniffs]
…she giggled out loud and said
that they would be the perfect match.
I didn't even know
she could laugh so easily.
Oh, come on.
She's been looking at me
with disdain for years now.
[frustrated groan]
And she spew such hurtful words
to me all the time.
[hiccups]
I thought…
we were meant to be together.
[Yeong-guk sighs]
I thought I was destined to,
uh, come to Gongjin by the seaside…
and come back to her.
Why did Cho-hui…
have to go away before I got married…
and show up now?
No.
Why did Hwa-jeong ask me about
this stupid divorce then?
[sighs]
Uh, just horrible timing.
Yeah, timing.
That's it.
It's unfortunate.
[inhales deeply]
Time just never seems to be…
on my side.
[sentimental music]
[groans]
Darn it.
Oh, no.
[slurps]
That'll stain.
Huh?
Gosh.
Oh, hey, Director Ji.
You ever plan on having female guests
on your show?
You get some girls for season two,
it'll be a hit.
[hiccups]
-[thuds]
-[Yeong-guk] What? Director Ji.
[Yeong-guk groans]
[birds screeching]
[Du-sik] Hey.
Is Mr. Oh not here yet?
No, he's not.
So you can just be yourself, all right?
Mm.
I will have a mocha, please, sir,
and I want plenty of whipped cream.
What? You need more sugar?
No.
[chuckles]
I'm already sweet enough.
It's overwhelming.
[chuckles]
Come back here.
-Can I do that?
-Mm-hm.
-Okay, let's see.
-[gasps]
I've never seen a coffee bar.
[gasps]
Whoa, there's so much stuff.
Just stand back and watch.
-I don't want you causing trouble here.
-Mm.
This is whipping cream.
Mmm, okay, I see.
Give it a pour.
Ooh, this is so cool.
-Then you whip it with this.
-[hand mixer whirrs]
-Goodness.
-Oh, why is this…
Now working.
[chuckles]
-Oh.
-[whirring]
[gasps]
Are you okay? Your outfit.
Did it get on you?
No, I'm fine.
It's all over your face.
-Really?
-[Hye-jin] I'll get it.
There's some right here.
[chuckles]
Gosh, you're cute.
What about right over here?
-Here? You're adorable.
-[door closes]
-[Chun-jae humming]
-[Du-sik] What about here?
[groans]
Don't you think that was
a bit harsh, Du-sik? Forget the coffee.
You're so annoying.
[comical music]
What, what… Ms. Yoon,
what did he do to you?
-[door opens]
-[Chun-jae] Du-sik.
-[door closes]
-What happened? How come she slapped you
in the face? What happened?
That must've hurt.
[sighs]
Why did you come so early?
What's wrong with that?
[Chun-jae] You wanted me to come learn.
I'm just asking.
-That slap came out of nowhere.
-[cell phone chimes]
MS. DENTIST
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong, what other jobs
do you have today?
[clear throat]
Let me see.
Uh, first, the Korean-Chinese Restaurant.
Oh, gosh, my stomach is killing me.
It feels like someone reached
inside my stomach
and yanked on it.
[groans]
-[Yong-hun] Uh, you reek of alcohol.
-[sighs]
I'm guessing you had…
[sniffs]
…soju with makgeolli.
Don't talk about it.
Have some of this codfish soup.
-It'll soothe your stomach.
-[groans]
[Yong-hun] Why did you drink so much?
-[Yeong-guk] Ooh…
-[Yong-hun] You can't even
hold your liquor.
-[groans]
-Here.
[sighs, groans]
[slurps, groans]
God, I feel much better.
[sighs]
Where did you get this?
I bought it while I was out.
-But why?
-[Yong-hun] Isn't it obvious?
You're a very important person here
in our town.
You're a fragile and quick-tempered man
who must be protected. You're like…
[sighs]
A light fuse.
That's not a compliment.
[laughs]
Yeah, well, I think
you could thank me at least.
Drink up before it gets cold.
-This is really pretty good. Thanks.
-[Yong-hun] Drink up.
-Slowly.
-[slurps]
-[Du-sik whistling]
-[sighs]
Your jjajangmyeon.
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong!
-Hey, you're here.
-[soft chuckle]
Will you be working there tomorrow too?
Why do you ask?
[Mi-seon] Can you work at
some, uh, different restaurants like,
uh, Korean or Japanese,
so I can have some variety for lunch?
Chinese food shouldn't be the only option,
but you're not really giving me much
of a choice here.
Hey, Mi-seon.
You like Chinese food. It's good.
Noted.
I apologize for the trouble
I'm causing on your diet.
-Sorry.
-[Mi-seon] It's okay.
It's not completely your fault here.
It's my fault for having a friend
who can't control herself.
Are you guys ever going to
stop teasing me?
All right, I'm out. Have a good lunch.
Leaving already?
[scoffs]
[Du-sik whistling]
[exclaims in disbelief]
She's unbelievable.
[shuddered groan]
Chief Hong.
[chuckles]
Why aren't you eating?
-I just wanted to see you a bit longer.
-[Du-sik chuckles]
But we saw each other
this morning, you know.
I'm sorry about earlier.
-I panicked.
-[sighs]
Did I hurt my guy?
-Uh, this side, actually.
-This side?
Let me fix that.
[blows air]
-[Nam-suk] Chief Hong.
-It's working.
[Nam-suk] You forgot the fried dumplings--
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
[groans]
[Nam-suk] Goodness gracious.
Oh, goodness. Oh!
How could you forget the dumplings?
Don't you know how much I love dumplings?
I ordered tangsuyuk
so I could have the free dumplings.
And you forgot them.
[grunts]
Ms. Dentist.
Ms. Yoon, I didn't peg you
as the violent type.
Uh, I brought your dumplings.
Thank you. Just do better.
Gosh.
You all right?
This is why I never give freebies.
You okay?
Why did you bring it?
I could've picked it up.
You shouldn't be friends with her.
Come on.
It's dented.
It's okay. That doesn't matter.
-Goodness, Du-sik.
-Thanks, Nam-suk.
[Nam-suk] Gosh.
[sucks teeth, groans]
Oh, man. It still hurts.
-Gosh, Ms. Dentist…
-[cell phone vibrates]
And speak of the devil.
Hello, hello?
Chief Hong, are you mad at all?
Uh, no.
It's more than just being mad.
It's rage, anger, frustration, fury.
It's more complex than you might think.
Oh, no, poor baby. I'm sorry.
Tell me for real.
Do you really wanna date me?
Or do you wanna murder me?
No, it was Ms. Cho of all people.
I hope you understand.
[sighs]
I don't have much choice here, do I?
It's what you want.
[Hye-jin] Where are you right now?
At Bora Supermarket.
Okay, don't go anywhere
and I'll see you later.
Oh, no. It be a bad time
to visit over here.
-I got to go.
-Goodbye.
-[cell phone chimes]
-So very cute.
[giggles]
Sorry, sorry. I made a mistake.
I apologize.
-You scared me.
-[scoffs]
She's the one
that just pulled an all-nighter.
Apologize to her, not to me.
I just got here.
Ji-won, what do you want?
You wanna beat me up? Go ahead.
I won't put up a fight.
Whatever your punishment.
Go on. Do it.
Do-ha, why is he being obnoxious?
[clears throat]
I'm hungry. Buy me food.
Pay for it with your personal card.
Will do. Tell me what you want
and I'll get it.
Haecheong Noodles.
You got it.
Go ahead. Get it.
Okay. You bet. Where's my phone?
My phone…
[murmuring]
[breathes deeply]
Just wait.
[Seong-hyeon sighs]
Here it is.
Raw fish naengmyeon, mul-naengmyeon,
dumpling stew, and galbijjim.
-[Seong-hyeon and Do-ha] Okay.
-Mm.
-Chief Hong.
-[Du-sik] Oh.
-Stop right there, all right?
-Why?
Don't come closer.
-Two meters away for my safety.
-[snorts]
Two meters is far.
Is this okay?
You're pretty close to me.
Not even a meter.
We might have, uh, different standards
of measurement.
The standard metric system, please.
[mockingly]
"The standard metric system, please."
[chuckling]
-Chief Hong.
-[Du-sik] Yes?
This coming weekend,
let's go on our first official date?
A date?
What do you have in mind?
On our date…
Hmm.
Go on a walk.
Have something to eat.
And maybe there's some other stuff too.
Sound good to you?
What stuff, huh?
-Just stuff.
-[Du-sik] Like this?
-[both laugh]
-[Hye-jin] Stop it!
-Why?
-You're ruining my hair.
-You still look very pretty.
-[giggles]
Stop it!
-I thought I told you not to.
-I'm sorry.
[both gasp]
I said stop it. I'm tired of it.
Why is it so warm?
[flustered gasping]
I'm bleeding.
[laughs incredulously]
And this better not happen again.
[laughs]
[whispers]
I'm sorry. I really mean it.
Did you see that?
Ms. Yoon didn't even mess around.
Just bam in the face. Oh, man.
Yeah.
-I guess it's pretty safe to say…
-Hm?
…she despises him.
[sniffs]
[sighs]
I better be off.
Okay.
Cheer up.
Bye.
[groans]
I'M SORRY. HOW'S YOUR NOSE?
DID YOUR NOSE STOP BLEEDING?
I'M SORRY…
-I'm truly sorry.
-[Mi-seon] Dr. Yoon, you have a patient.
Okay.
Oh, I'm sorry.
[sighs]
I feel so bad. I'm so sorry, Chief Hong.
YOUR CHEEK, SHIN, AND NOSE…
I'M SORRY, CHIEF HONG
[Mi-seon yawns]
[sighs, sniffs]
Hey, aren't you leaving?
-Mi-seon.
-Hm?
Why do you think Chief Hong hasn't checked
his texts for the past five hours?
-[sighs]
-[Hye-jin] Because he's busy?
Even if he is busy,
he can't be too busy to text someone back.
He's mad at me.
[worried sigh]
Did he block me?
He hasn't read any of my texts.
Sorry, friend.
For what?
I was like you now
when I was in a relationship.
God, it must've been annoying.
You learn the most
by wearing other people's shoes.
-I'm being annoying now?
-Mm-hmm.
Am I being cringy?
I'm going home.
Oh, why won't he read my texts?
It's bothering me.
[groans]
[Hye-jin] Is he not home?
[sighs]
Maybe I should…
Should I wait for him?
Make him feel better?
[soft chuckle]
He's tidier than he looks,
which surprises me.
How did I not recognize him?
He looks exactly the same.
So cute.
Gosh, he's adorable.
Cute.
Hmm. I love that he reads a lot.
[soft chuckle]
"What Is Love?"
[Du-sik] All right. Come on in.
What?
-[Suk-ja] Try the candle that he made.
-More people?
-What do I do?
-[Suk-ja] It's really nice.
-Oh, what do I do?
-[Du-sik] You bet.
I always make the best quality goods.
[all laugh]
Why are the lights on?
-Oh.
-Come on in.
-This way. Come on.
-[Suk-ja] The lights are on.
[Gam-ri] Goodness. It's late.
Just a second.
Uh, there's so much dust in my house.
-What?
-[Du-sik] It's dusty in there.
-You guys are important guests.
-Huh?
Just hang out front for a second
I'll bring them out, all right?
Chief Hong, I need to use your bathroom.
No! Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
[groans]
-Hold on.
-[Mat-i] Gosh.
Goodness.
-Yes. You know where it is.
-It's over… Yeah, thank you.
[Du-sik] Why don't you sit down?
I'll bring them out, uh…
My room's a mess, so don't go inside.
[Gam-ri] A mess? Don't be absurd.
What is he talking about?
You're the tidiest man
I've ever seen in my life.
No, really, today it's a disaster.
I'm beginning to get pretty curious.
-[Gam-ri] What?
-Oh, no!
[playful music]
-[sighs]
-[Suk-ja] Come on.
How could it be any tidier?
Oh, you know, I must've forgot…
I cleaned up earlier.
[laughs awkwardly]
-[both laugh]
-Imagine that.
I'm so forgetful lately.
-Come and see my candles over there, okay?
-Uh-huh.
[Suk-ja chuckles]
All right, all right. Check them out.
I don't make them often.
So, I made these masterpieces
with bean oil, wooden wicks,
and ingredients that are all-natural.
They have essential oils.
Mmm, they smell so nice.
-Ah…
-Here. Smell them.
-[laughs]
-Okay.
[Gam-ri sniffs]
You're right.
They really do smell nice.
Mmm. Oh, I can smell flowers.
-[Gam-ri] Yes.
-[Suk-ja] Mmm.
Oh, she's here.
[Mat-i] Mm.
I'm feeling generous today.
You don't need to pay.
I'll give them to you for free…
-What?
-…so take them.
Take two each. All right.
Goodness.
Never mind. Just take them all. Here.
-Wait, all of these?
-[Du-sik] Yes, take them all.
-Are we good? Go home and put them out.
-[Mat-i] Oh, my goodness.
[Du-sik] See how nice
they are for yourself.
-Now everyone out.
-[Mat-i] Okay.
-What?
-[Du-sik] Let's go.
-Go on.
-Go? Okay.
-Okay.
-Go home and light your candles.
-[Gam-ri] All right. Let's go.
-Go on. Thanks for coming.
-Gosh.
-Everyone, get home safe.
Can't walk you home tonight.
-Got more cleaning to do.
-Okay.
-Goodness.
-Let's go.
They're nice.
Don't they smell good to you?
-Mm-hm.
-Right.
-Get home safely.
-[Suk-ja] Okay.
[sniffing]
[door closes]
Something weird is going on here.
He didn't offer us drinks.
[Mat-i] You're right.
Must be in a hurry for something.
Ladies, with these candles,
if you have any bad smells,
they'll disappear.
When my grandson came over,
he told me my house was smelling musty.
[soft chuckle]
Did that hurt your feelings?
A little bit.
There's no need to feel hurt
or embarrassed.
It's pretty normal, really.
Old people can sometimes smell this way,
it's natural.
That's why you need to shower
and bathe in hot water often.
Use Chief Hong's handmade soap,
and it'll get rid of your bad odor.
[Suk-ja] Then how about we go
to the bathhouse tomorrow, okay?
[Mat-i] Don't walk
so close to me in this heat.
-[Suk-ja laughs]
-Stop clinging to me.
[Du-sik] Ms. Dentist, where… Ms. Dentist.
Hello?
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Have they all gone home?
Yeah, but why you'd come over
instead of calling?
[sighs]
I texted but you didn't.
Why didn't you answer?
I was really busy today.
Wait. Where's my phone?
Huh? You don't have it?
I'm sure it's somewhere.
Get out of the closet already.
Okay.
-Mm. Oh.
-[yelps]
I was crouching so long
that my legs fell asleep.
Come here.
-What are you doing?
-There.
-Oh, what are you doing?
-Are you good now?
[chuckles]
Aren't I heavy?
About as heavy as a sack of rice.
[chuckles]
Put me down.
Oh, let's do this for a bit.
[both chuckle]
-Chief Hong.
-Hmm?
Can you text me back
even when you're busy?
I don't like no talking.
Mm, okay.
How about we get everything out?
Uh, what else you do not like? Tell me.
-[grunts]
-[chuckles]
-What don't I like?
-Mm.
Ah, oh, I don't want secrets.
I don't want there to be
any secrets between us.
[soft chuckle]
-Chief Hong.
-Mm?
Walk three steps forward.
Sure.
[laughs]
-That's so cute.
-Why?
You mark our first day as a couple.
[Du-sik laughs]
That was not… That was not…
That's adorable.
What do you mean it's nothing?
No, it's not what you think.
It's for something else.
-Oh… Oh!
-[gasps]
[soft music]
[cell phone chiming]
[sighs]
[clears throat]
It's Mi-seon.
Why is the ringtone so loud?
-Do you want an aroma candle by the way?
-Candle?
A eucalyptus-scented one.
It's good for rhinitis.
It opens up your sinuses.
Oh.
But I don't have rhinitis,
it's very nice.
Why did Mi-seon have to call
at that exact moment?
[sighs]
I probably should put on mute.
[exhales deeply]
Are you also certified in making candles?
Oh, of course.
Uh, so tell me, how many certifications
have you received?
Actually, I'm not really sure.
I've lost count.
Okay then.
What's the weirdest one?
Oh.
Let's see.
Youth counseling certificate.
-Mm-hmm.
-Uh, I could teach etiquette.
-Mm.
-Uh, pufferfish prep.
Cleaning and tidying up, uh,
and teaching origami.
-Teaching origami?
-[both laugh]
There's a license for that?
Colored paper can hold
the whole universe, are you a dummy?
-[both laugh]
-You're calling me a dummy?
That's not nice.
Can't believe you called me that.
-[gasps]
-[groans]
That hurts! Ow! Ow! Ouch! Ouch! Let it go!
[overlapping chatter]
-Stop, whoa, whoa!
-Get away from him!
-Are you trying to break his arm?
-[Du-sik] Gosh, I'm terrified of her.
My goodness.
-[Du-sik] She's so strong.
-Stay back here.
I heard what you did.
Ms. Yoon, you've gone too far.
-What?
-Come on. We see what's happening.
You're beating him up all the time.
No one does that
even to their worst enemy.
She's right. You made him bleed
at the supermarket!
[Nam-suk] And you kicked him.
-And slapped him in the face!
-She slapped you?
-You're unbelievable.
-Ah.
No, we were just talking and then--
Oh, no. At this rate,
Chief Hong may get badly injured.
I was just gonna say be nice to him,
-but this is just too much.
-Mm-hmm. Yeah.
You need to stay away from him
for a while.
-[Geum-cheol] Yeah, that's a good idea.
-Don't even look him in the eye, okay?
Just avoid
and ignore each other completely.
[Du-sik] Gongjin is tiny.
Of course, we'd run into each other.
Ah, don't worry.
We'll take care of it for you.
[Nam-suk] We can make it work.
-We can.
-[Hwa-jeong] Ms. Yoon, come with us.
-[Chun-jae] Okay, let's go.
-Uh…
-This is not right. Stay away from him.
-Stop letting her beat you up, man.
-It breaks my heart.
-Hey, Geum-cheol.
-Let them go.
-We're off. This way.
-He deserves more beating.
-Ow.
-Why aren't you going?
-Hey. Careful.
[Nam-suk] Why are you such a wuss?
-[Geum-cheol] No, that's not it.
-[Du-sik] Gosh!
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
[chuckles softly]
[Chun-jae] Hello, Ms. Yoon.
Hello.
-Hello there.
-Chief Hong, stay there.
I got it. You stay put.
[sighs]
Just an iced coffee, that's all.
Okay. One iced coffee, coming right up.
And use her favorite beans,
Ethiopian Yirgacheffe.
I got it.
Okay.
[Chun-jae] Sit back there.
-I don't wanna wrinkle my skirt.
-[Chun-jae] I see.
-Chief Hong--
-[Chun-jae] Stop!
Not supposed to talk to each other.
Just pretend he's not here from now on.
You always fight when you talk.
Keep some distance.
-[both laugh]
-Hey, Chun-jae. Yo.
-Oh, me? What?
-[Du-sik] Yeah.
I think I lost my phone.
-Your phone?
-[Du-sik] Yeah.
You won't be able to reach me by phone
-till I find where it is.
-[Chun-jae] Oh.
[Du-sik] It's brand-new. I just bought it.
I think I should try looking for it
for a few days.
[Chun-jae] Yes, I think so too.
So don't worry
if you're not able to reach me right now.
Oh, why would I worry about you?
I'm too busy worrying about Ju-ri.
-Is it Sunday today?
-Hi, guys.
-Good morning.
-Wait, hang on.
Why are you here right now, Ju-ri?
-You're late for school!
-[whispers]
[Ju-ri] Just be happy
I'm going to school. See ya.
-[Chun-jae] She's such a handful.
-Call me.
Gosh, she gives me headaches.
What should I do with her, Du-sik?
-Ah, but she's just being--
-Stop looking over there. I'm right here.
I'm making coffee. Which beans again?
What was it again?
-Ethiopian.
-Ethiopian?
-[Hye-jin] Drip coffee.
-Drip coffee. Right.
-Drip?
I can't believe we have to be apart
when we just started dating.
[sighs]
Why did he have to misplace his phone?
I can't even text him now.
Oh, I wanna hear his voice.
Oh, jeez.
[chuckles]
Ah, I have great respect
for our ancestors.
They didn't have modern conveniences
like phones back then.
How did they date and make babies?
Mi-seon, it's almost time for lunch--
Shark fin soup and nurungji soup.
If I must have Chinese,
I want the most expensive.
[cell phone chimes]
This is Yoon Dental Clinic.
We'd like jjajangmyeon.
-[Hye-jin] Thanks.
-Shark fin.
Chief Hong is coming.
[Mi-seon sighs]
You're so annoying.
-[Nam-suk groans]
-[clattering]
You came yourself.
Yeah, Chief Hong won't be
delivering food here for now.
[Nam-suk] We weren't joking yesterday.
Why didn't you get tangsuyuk
with your order?
You could've just picked it up yourself.
I can't believe
I came all the way here for that.
[chuckles]
Oh, she keeps slapping me?
[Ji-won] We have two additional people
to board
along with the staff we mentioned.
Is there enough room for all of them?
Yes, that's no problem.
Will there be turbulence?
It's supposed to be sunny.
Uh, maybe a bit choppy.
You just have to take
anti-seasickness tablets and wear patches.
-[groans]
-[gasps]
-[Ji-won] What's the matter?
-What is it?
-[Ji-won] Are you okay?
-[Do-ha] What… What's wrong?
-[Ji-won] Are you sick?
-[Do-ha] You're sweating.
-Are you okay?
-[Ji-won] What's wrong?
[Seong-hyeon breathes heavily]
The lunch we had was great,
I… I just must've stuffed it too quickly.
I'm really fine.
You don't have to stand here.
Go sit down, will you?
Or maybe just go home.
Are you being serious right now?
I'm not about to leave you here.
Thanks, but I'm fine.
No. You're not fine.
I know your stomach's not the problem.
It's that broken heart of yours.
I already paid your hospital bills.
Do you have insurance?
You'll need the receipt.
Do-ha, that was amazingly quick.
How about you go that quick at work?
Well, my dad was in a hospital
for a while.
[Do-ha] I know how things work here.
I should've gone to med school,
but my grades weren't.
[laughs incredulously]
[Seong-hyeon] Oh, come on.
It's not too late.
[heavy exhale]
Chief Hong!
[whimpers]
Hey. Hold on a second.
Why is it so hard for me to see you?
I know.
How have you been for the past six hours?
-Not so well.
-[Du-sik sighs]
-Have you found your phone yet?
-No, not yet.
Then buy a new one.
Don't you wanna text me?
My contract has 20 months left.
Give me one more day to find it.
This is maddening.
I really don't like
being out of touch with you.
I know. It's not cool. It's just that I--
-[Yun-gyeong] Ms. Yoon!
-[Geum-cheol] Du-sik!
What's happening right now?
-Arguing again?
-No, we're not.
Uh, no.
-It's all right. It's fine.
-Ms. Yoon, I heard everything.
Please keep your distance
to keep the peace in this town.
You're not a police officer
so, uh, enough. You need to relax.
-Honey? Yeah.
-Hmm?
-[Yun-gyeong] Yeah! Ms. Yoon, follow me.
-[Geum-cheol] Come with me.
-I'll give you a popsicle.
-No, wait.
-I don't like popsicles.
-Yun-gyeong.
-Yun-gyeong. Yun-gyeong!
-What do you like then?
-[Yun-gyeong] Yes. Bye.
-[Geum-cheol] Bye! Bye!
[comical music]
[groans in pain]
What are you doing?
Lie down.
I'm not sleepy.
Then what? Should I just force you down?
No, no. I'll… lie down myself.
[sighs]
Gosh.
[exhales deeply]
[both sigh]
I'm not doing this for you.
If you gonna get sick,
please wait until the show is done.
Okay. Fine.
Get some rest now.
[Seong-hyeon] Thanks.
I know you care a lot about me, Ji-won.
You put up with a lot, and…
I'm truly grateful for that.
[scoffs]
Jeez, I can't believe this happened today.
Someone with my health and the hospital
with an upset stomach.
[groans]
It is embarrassing.
[laughing]
I'm dumbfounded and speechless.
I've been pretty stressed out lately…
Getting over her.
My first love for the second time.
[somber music]
My heart's been broken again.
It hurts so much.
[sighs deeply]
That's enough.
It'd be cute if you were a 15,
but at 35, it's just sad.
[sighs]
You're right about that.
[Ji-won] Now, close your eyes.
[Seong-hyeon] Yes, sir.
I shall do exactly as you say.
I'm going to sleep.
[breathes deeply]
YOON DENTAL CLINIC
-[keyboard keys clacking]
-Let's see.
Hmm.
[gasps]
Hello.
Well, what brings you in here today?
Well…
I…
I'd like to get, um, my teeth clean.
A cleaning?
Yeah. Yeah, sure.
Just please have a seat there.
Okay.
Yeah.
Hold on to this.
I brought it in case you get nervous.
Okay. Thank you.
Okay.
[exhales nervously]
-Open your mouth.
-[tools clanking]
I'm going to be as gentle as possible.
But raise your hand if it hurts too much.
Okay.
Ah…
[mumbling]
You see, it's not that I don't like you.
It's just that…
I just want to get to know you slowly.
I'm sure…
you can make out what I'm saying.
Uh, I'm afraid I don't get
what you're saying.
[Mi-seon] If it's okay with you,
I'm gonna proceed.
Okay.
I thought she'd understand me.
[heavy exhale]
So what did he say?
-Uh…
-Why did he come?
[snorts]
Uh…
What's happening here?
Got a smile on your face.
You have a huge smile on your face.
What did he say? Just tell me.
I'm good.
Hey, I've been very open with you,
all right?
You can't just do this to me.
Hmm.
Your patient, Hyun Yeong-mok,
will be here in ten minutes.
Oh, Mi-seon, I wanna know.
Stretch your arms beforehand.
It's an impacted wisdom teeth removal,
so, you know.
Come on. I'm dying of curiosity. Tell me.
Are you gonna be quiet all day?
You wanna tell me.
-You can't stop smiling.
-[giggling]
I'm always smiling.
Okay. Let's go.
Why are you smiling?
Never mind.
I hate you.
I'll never tell my stories again.
Never again.
[chuckles]
What's with her?
[snorts]
Mm.
I miss him.
I wanna see him.
-[sighs]
-[cell phone vibrates]
Yoon Dental…
[Du-sik] Ms. Dentist.
[gasps]
-Chief Hong.
-[Du-sik sighs in relief]
What have you been doing?
Can we meet today?
[Du-sik] I don't think so.
People are gathering
at the community center
for a neighborhood meeting tomorrow,
so I'll see you then.
Come to my house, okay?
Okay, but, Chief Hong,
wait a second. Wait.
[sighs]
Wait until tomorrow?
[whimpering]
I can't wait that long.
It's not fair.
[light music]
[birds screeching]
[gasps]
Yay!
We're meeting today.
["One Sunny Day" by Kassy playing]
Yes. Let's wear this.
Let's see.
[sighs]
Time is passing slowly.
-[sighs]
-[utensils clattering]
Dang it.
It's almost time. Come on.
[breathes excitedly]
Oh, my god, it's racing.
[excited mumbling]
Hold on. Why…
How is the sun still up?
Go down.
[sighs]
Shit. Oh, no. Darn it.
Mi-seon, I'm going on a date.
-[soft chuckle]
-[squeals]
[Hye-jin] Bye.
[soft chuckle]
Yeah.
She's been single
for way too much time now.
Actually, she's having some fun.
It's not her first date.
[Chun-jae] ♪ Exercising in the moonlight ♪
♪ Because I can't sleep ♪
♪ But this chaotic life ♪
♪ Du-sik, let's go ♪
-♪ To the neighborhood meeting ♪
-[coughing]
-[coughing continues]
-What's wrong?
Ah, I'm sorry, I'm…
I'm not feeling very well.
[coughs]
You must've overworked yourself.
Yeah, I think so.
[coughs]
What's wrong with me?
[clears throat]
Tell them I can't make it today.
They'll understand.
Okay, yeah, I'll do that.
-Go home. Don't worry.
-[coughs]
[sighs deeply]
I feel bad
-not going.
-Go home. It'll be fine.
I'm going home then.
[coughing]
-What's wrong with me?
-Bye.
[coughs]
[groans]
[breathes heavily]
[coughs, breathes deeply]
Why aren't they coming? Oh, man.
Hey, Yeong-guk.
I mean, Mr. Chang. Over here.
What is it you need?
Why did you make me come all the way here?
I have a very important matter
to discuss with you,
and you should be here
as the village chief anyway.
-Oh, here's Hwa-jeong. Hwa.
-Okay.
Oh, Ms. Yu, you're here too, okay.
Of course, as a resident,
she should be here.
Right.
[Nam-suk chuckles]
Hello, Nam-suk.
"Nam-suk"?
Oh.
[laughs]
Oh, wow. Awfully friendly.
I didn't think we were ever that close.
Just never got the chance.
I'm very friendly though.
I can be pretty funny as well.
-I hope we get along.
-Uh-huh. Yeah.
You are funny. I got it.
[laughs]
Surprised! How's it going?
Oh, it's going good.
I've been breathing well,
sleeping well, eating well.
-Ah…
-[chuckles]
But you can't poop.
Huh?
Why would you say something like that?
The color of your face tells me.
That you've been constipated.
Don't pretend you know what's going on.
[scoffs]
Do you want some
dandelion pills for it?
-Stop making me feel like a child!
-Hey, hey. Don't get so worked up.
-Hello, everyone!
-Hello! Hello!
I'm here on behalf of Hye-jin so…
[Hwa-jeong] I'm glad you came.
-Thank you.
-You look so pretty.
-Oh, hey! Hey!
-Hello. Hello.
-Hi. Hey.
-Hi, Bo-ra.
-Hi.
Okay.
Bo-ra, where are your
manners, huh? Say hello!
Hello, everyone!
-[both] Hi.
-[laughter]
-So cute.
-Good job.
-Where's I-jun?
-Yeah. Where is he?
He's staying at the restaurant
with the kitchen ladies.
He wanted to solve math problems.
I brought some jelly to share though.
-[Geum-cheol] She did.
-Really?
Oh.
[overlapping chatter]
[Gam-ri] What are you all doing out here?
Why are you outside?
The mosquitoes will eat you up.
Okay, so what are we talking about?
-Oh, it's, uh--
-[Chun-jae] Am I late?
-Hey.
-Have you been waiting?
[Nam-suk] Yes.
-[all chatter]
-Gosh. What is it?
You all must be curious
about today's agenda.
-[Chun-jae] Yes.
-[Nam-suk] Let me tell you.
-[Nam-suk giggles]
-[Yun-gyeong] What is it about?
[laughter]
[panting]
[giggles]
["My Romance" by CHEEZE playing]
[Hye-jin] Chief Hong!
[Hye-jin giggling]
[giggling continues]
[sighs]
I've missed you.
Me too.
[breathes deeply]
I hate we don't see each other more.
I know.
I wanna spend every day with you.
I wanna hear your voice every day.
I wanna hug you every day.
Me too.
You have anything to say to me?
-You haven't said much to me.
-[chuckles]
[inhales deeply]
I lived 34 years without you,
but each day last forever
ever since I've met you.
Hye-jin, what have you done?
You've done something to me.
Let me hear it one more time.
-What?
-My name.
Hye-jin.
Hye-jin Yoon.
I've heard my name
called millions of times.
This time it's so unfamiliar.
Like it's a new name.
[chuckles]
-[Du-sik sighs]
-[indistinct groan]
-Hey, hey, hey.
-[Ju-ri] Gosh. I can't take it anymore.
[Chun-jae] Oh, no.
-She has a weak stomach.
-Oh, I'm sorry.
-Sorry, she was vomiting.
-Chief Hong.
-What are you guys doing here?
-What a coincidence.
-It's… it's a misunderstanding.
-[Ju-ri] Uncle Du-sik.
You see, you got it all wrong.
[all exclaim]
-It's a misunderstanding.
-[Chun-jae] Okay.
Okay, you see…
In some places in the world,
people embrace people more.
It's very normal.
We're dating.
-[all gasp]
-What's this?
This hiding is driving me crazy.
I don't want any secrets.
I wanna love you out in the open
so everyone can see.
It's official.
-Goodness.
-Yeah, we know.
[laughter]
What?
-It's like four days, right?
-No.
Three.
[laughter]
It's all over your face.
[Du-sik] Okay.
[Hye-jin] I'll get it.
Oh, you're adorable.
I should give freebies to Ms. Yoon.
[Du-sik] Why aren't you eating?
[Hye-jin] I wanted to see you
a bit longer.
-Oh.
-[Hye-jin] I'm sorry about earlier.
I panicked.
-Uh, this side, actually.
-This side?
Yes.
Let me fix that.
-Cheer up.
-Bye.
-Oh. Du-sik left his cell phone.
-Hmm.
-What?
[Hye-jin] I'm sorry. Here's a heart.
-A heart? Ugh.
See? I told you so, didn't I?
They tried to keep
their relationship a secret.
Should we just tell them
that we know everything?
-Of course not.
-Huh?
We should make them tell us.
-What?
-How? Do you have any good ideas?
Well…
[laughs]
[all laughing]
-Let's make them miss each other.
-Huh?
-They're googly right now.
And they'll get desperate
if they can't meet.
The desperation will make
their love grow. Just watch.
-You're such a genius.
-Genius!
What do you think?
Should we make them pine for each other?
[imitates crow cawing]
[laughter]
-Oh, my god.
-Oh, oh, check it out.
[Chun-jae] Hold on.
Let's go.
You lost this.
You should take better care
of your belongings.
-Why you little…
-[chuckles]
You and I are gonna have
a private chat later on.
No way.
Uh, I have a family to take care of.
-Ah.
-[laughter]
Hey, Mi-seon, you've been very quiet.
What are you doing here?
I wasn't involved with this.
I was just tagging along.
[Nam-suk] Did you see that?
I kept it a secret despite knowing.
-I'm a woman of her word.
-[laughter]
I'm glad you did.
Things worked out for them
because you stayed quiet.
Congratulations, Chief Hong.
Anyway, how did you
end up falling for each other?
Ms. Yoon, so glad for you.
-Aww…
-I'm so glad.
I'm so happy right now.
I have nothing more to wish for.
Goodness!
[applause and laughter]
[Geum-cheol] This is great.
Okay, okay. Thank you all very much.
Now that we have your support…
[all exclaiming]
…we will love each other openly.
[all gasping, laughing]
Are you guys holding hands?
[all cheer]
-Aren't they embarrassed?
-Oh, come on.
What's so embarrassing about love?
I'm gonna vomit again.
-Oh, no.
-[laughter]
I want to know how you
are about to keep it from us.
Now that you all know,
just please don't get in our way
[overlapping chatter]
[soft music]
[Hye-jin] Wow.
I can't believe this was him.
[snorts]
[chuckles]
["The Image of You" by Sandeul playing]
[young Hye-jin] Today, the star princess
met the sea prince.
The princess was crying,
but the prince made her laugh.
I hope she returns to the beach
and meets him once again.
[Hye-jin] Gosh, Hye-jin.
Your taste in men
seems to be consistent.
A prince?
[snorts]
["The Image of You" by Sandeul playing]
First day as a couple.
[soft chuckle]
A bit too simple looking.
Let me fix that.
[light music]
Ta-da.
-Oh, what's this?
-[Hye-jin] A bucket list.
-Romantic, isn't it?
-How so?
-Hmm.
-Yay.
Go wash up.
Uh, wash up?
Can you please just be nice to Seong-hyeon
when you see him?
Give him a drumstick.
The drumstick I wanted.
[Du-sik] Hye-jin was worried about you.
She said that you looked frail.
You should eat well.
[Mi-seon] How can you give up
because I pretended not to notice?
Mi-seon!
I'm naturally a bit slow.
Do you know how worried I was?
I had no way of contacting you.
Chief Hong.
-[Hye-jin] Hey!
-[gasps]
I'm sorry.
["The Image of You" by Sandeul fades]